Omori, why are you here?
Chu Chu, let me help you choose clothes
It just so happens that you are picking slowly together.
Omori, you are so kind to me.
What's he doing here?
I'm worried that I can't see well.
So let Secretary Su come and refer to it. Well, yes.
OK
Then please ask Secretary Su to help me carry things later.
Okay, Miss Chuchu is leaving
Omori, look at that bear over there, it's so cute
Okay, Chuchu
You can go home first.
I'll ask the driver to take you back
Omori, you are so kind to me.
Ah, that's right.
I want to move into your house.
Do you want to live with me?
We're getting married soon.
Sooner or later we will live together
You are usually so busy with work
I'm afraid no one will take care of you.
Are there any servants in the manor?
Oh, how can the maid be as careful as me? Pay attention to the image.
Um no oops wait wait wait
Oops please hum
Oh, as for whether to live or not?
Yes, Chu Chu
Or I'll go first tomorrow.
Let you take a look at our manor first.
Let's put the living thing aside for now
Ok oops oops I suddenly have a stomachache
What's up junior year
Uh, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay?
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay
Secretary Su handed it over to you everywhere
This fool is really embarrassing me
Secretary Su
Then this couple will ask you to put it in the car for me
Okay, Miss Chuchu